feat: CPLYTM-1022 adding context to man oscap plugin (#277)
complytime/complyctl: docs/man/complyctl-openscap-plugin.md

# DESCRIPTION

The plugin is not meant to be executed directly, it communicates with complyctl via gRPC. It has configurable options that can be configured via a manifest file, complyctl processes the manifest file and sends the configuration values to the plugin. Plugin execution occurs when running the complyctl **generate** and **scan** commands.

> When the plugin receives the **generate** command from complyctl, it will generate a tailoring policy file and remediation files for bash, ansible, and imagebuilder. The generated tailoring policy file extends the Datastream profile by overriding rules and variables defined in the assessment-plan.json. The generated files are placed in the **openscap** directory under user workspace.

Reviewer: @hbraswelrh , I suggested a little more information. Do you think the paragraph is fine with the new content or maybe we should split it? I think it is fine, but I am curious about other perceptions.

> When the plugin receives the **scan** command from complyctl, it will scan the system with **oscap** and return the observations to complyctl based on **oscap** results. The **scan** command then uses the generated tailoring file to validate the Datastream and Policy by scanning the system to produce observations as OSCAL Assessment Results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the plugin receives the **scan** command from complyctl, it will call **oscap** to scan the system using the tailoring policy generated by the **generate** command and produce **oscap** results which are ultimately interpreted by the plugin and returned to complyctl as observations for a standardized OSCAL Assessment Results.
```
